[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: So let me talk about
the Programmatic Loading API real quick.
This is what it looks like.
So you say system.import,
and you give it the path.
And then it's gonna go ahead and
return to you a promise.
And when the promise comes back,
it's gonna give you the module back, okay?
So who here is not familiar with promises?
Cuz this is promise in text here.
This is .then.
It basically makes async code cleaner but
you're gonna call system.import and
then you're gonna, when when it gets back,
you're gonna just call .then and
it won't execute this function here.
Until it actually goes out, gets that
file, brings it back in, evaluates it, and
then it will give it to you.
That make sense?
So, and if there's an error,
you can also catch the error as well,
but this is what
the import API looks like.
It's based on promises, and the promises
provide whatever was exported.
You could use promises to
load multiple at one time so
you could be like hey, Promise.all.
And then you could have just an array of
file paths and you could do a map on it
and say system.import each one, and each
one of that map would return the promise.
So you basically have
an array of promises.
And then you could put that
inside of this promise.all, and
call .then and it would give you
back an array of modules, anyway.
This is how you can programmatically
use a loading API, okay?
The loading API has multiple methods and
some of them look redundant.
System.import and system.module,
they both return the module via an import.
I don't know the diff
to be honest with you.
I mean the source is a string or
a reference to the path.
You can set one, if you created a module
you can go ahead and set it, and
then you can define one which will
eval the code but not import it,
I don't think, I'm not sure.
I wish had better explanations though,
yeah?
>> Speaker 2: I'm not sure if
there's an answer for this yet but,
there's a question on chat about, if one
of the things you're trying to export,
say it's a relative path
one like the re-exporting.
If it can't find that and
import to export, does it throw?
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah, so I'm guessing
that, so see this system right here,
this System.import?
And then it does a then, and a catch.
Then is the success on the promise, and
the catch is the error on the promise.
I'm guessing you'd get a catch on that.
>> Speaker 2: But I think she's talking
more like in the actual definition of
a module, like if you went back and
a few slides.
>> Aaron Frost: Back in
the import export stuff?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, like if you're trying
to export from some other file and
it can't find it-
>> Aaron Frost: Can't do it.
>> Speaker 2: Does it throw?
>> Aaron Frost: That's a good question.
I would imagine that it throws.
>> Aaron Frost: Anyway, so this is
the API, import, module, set, and define.
Again I wish I had been able to
mess around with this stuff and
give you guys better explanations.
There is something coming in
the future which is a module tag,
which will kind of take
place of a script tag.
And you'll just give it the path to
the module that you want it to import,
and you can kind of polyfill this
thing by, there's a polyfill out there
right now that will allow you to kinda
get the same kind of functionality.
So let's say we go to import
jQuery from our lib/jquery.
If you go ahead and
log the dollar sign is in this,
that basically tests to see if
this has the jQuery object in it.
And for
us this is gonna be the window, right?
Because we import it in a module it
didn't actually put jQuery on the window.
It kept it local.
It's like localized to our module.
So you know how normally,
any time you import jQuery,
it clobbers the window with
a dollar sign no matter what?
This thing would maintain
it into your module.
However, you can still talk to
the window if you needed to
and,
>> Aaron Frost: The module tag forces
strict mode, so
there's no pre-ES5 syntax in here.
It's all forced you to use
strict mode in here, so yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Does that allow for
multiple jQuery libraries?
>> Aaron Frost: Probably, I hope so, but
if you had two sections of code
that depended on different ones,
you can just make them separate modules
and then it doesn't matter, right?
You could just import them,
import one in one module and
import the other in another module,
and they don't care about each other.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: So with that module tag,
how do you name the module?
So you have a module tag, what if I want
to use that module in a script tag then,
what is its name or whatever?
>> Aaron Frost: That's a good question.
I don't know.
Can someone write that down and
we'll look it up?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah.